- [ ] **[Essay]** Explore and share my personal strategy for making quality work, for *anything* new that I've never done before --- look at examples that I admire and mimic their form the best I can (all of the pieces together form something new)
- [ ] **[Essay]** Explore why I like shows and movies about unexpected geniuses and failed narcissists.  What do we learn from stories like these?
- [ ] **[Essay]** Why do I use a proof assistant?  Has it helped me?  What surprised me about proof assistants? (e.g. what don't people normally tell you?)
- [ ] **[Essay]** Why am I so open about my mental health and adverse childhood experiences?  (Why do I think it's important to be -- even in professional contexts?)
- [ ] **[Essay]** I believe that neuro-symbolic AI already *has* a theory.  What is it?  Why do I think this is the right one to explore?  What questions does it ask, and what questions can it answer?
- [ ] **[Essay]** Who are we, as people, outside of experiences?  1) Identify all possible causes of our behavior (break it down rigorously), and 2) explore how we can possibly differentiate between these different causes (what kind of personal experiments can we run that can help identify the cause?).  Don't underestimate *personal choice* as a possible source (should consider determinism, willpower, etc.)
- [ ] **[Essay]** I believe that anybody who is putting any modicum of effort towards the things they admire will eventually become the kind of person they admire.  I think people naturally become a person they admire in this way.  I also believe that this explains good people, successful people, mean people, unsuccessful people, etc. Explain.  Why do I believe this?  Is this just a tautology?